# Neovim

The Neovim configuration on the dot project is minimal enough to keep the loading time under 80ms while not compromising on features. This neovim configuration also includes helpers functions, custom keybindings & performance optimizations. The entire configuration is written in lua. The configuration here is aimed at software engineers who need a feature rich near ide experience out of the box.

## Dependencies
- [Neovim >0.8.0](https://neovim.io/)
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the Dot Project
$ git clone https://github.com/sreedevk/dot ~/.dot

# Remove Existing Config!!
$ rm -rf ~/.config/nvim/

# Link Dot Project Neovim Configuration
ln -s ~/.dot/stowed/.config/nvim ~/.config/nvim
```

## Config Description & Features

#### init.lua
Entry point into the lua configuration

#### lazy-lock.json
Plugin version lock file generated by lazy.nvim

#### lua/commands.lua
Adds the commands & autocmds to improve user experience
- Auto loads `vim-table-mode` on `.norg` & `.org` file buffers.
- 1s highlight on text that's yanked 
- creates functions like `:W`  & `:Q` to match their lowercase functions
- `.eex` & `.heex` file buffer filetypes are set to `heex`
- `.exs` & `.ex` file buffer filetypes are set to `elixir`

#### lua/helpers.lua
Adds the following helper functions
1. map             - convenience function to map keybindings
2. togglevenn      - toggle `venn.nvim` ascii diagram plugin in current buffer
3. create_augroups - convenience function to create `autocmd` groups

#### lua/keybind.lua
Adds a bunch of keybindings for convenience. Check the file out to see all the available keybindings.

#### lua/neovide.lua
Neovide is a gui for neovim. This file contains some config that makes neovim look better on neovide.
This file is only loaded if neovim is opened in neovide. The terminal neovim will ignore the configs here.

#### lua/opts.lua
This file contains all some sane neovim option defaults. 

#### lua/plugins/**
Plugins configs split across files and lazy loaded using lazy.nvim
